README.md, before:

ProLOV: 
======
The missing plugin for ontology Engineering

A repository to create a plugin LOV for Protégé

LOV API
======
  - LOV API Documentation: http://lov.okfn.org/dataset/lov/apidoc/ (new version) 
  - LOV Search: http://lov.okfn.org/dataset/lov/apidoc/#lov2search
  - http://lov.okfn.org/dataset/lov/api/v2/search?q={TERM}&type=class for querying {TERM} as a class.
e.g. http://lov.okfn.org/dataset/lov/api/v2/search?q=Person&type=class for "Person" as Class.
  - http://lov.okfn.org/dataset/lov/api/v2/search?q={TERM}&type=property for querying {TERM} as a property
e.g.: http://lov.okfn.org/dataset/lov/api/v2/search?q=Person&type=property

Protégé Plugin development 
===========================
  - https://github.com/protegeproject/protege/wiki/Building-from-Source (v5)
  - http://protegewiki.stanford.edu/wiki/CompileProtege5InEclipseWithMaven  
  - http://protegewiki.stanford.edu/wiki/PluginAnatomy

Use Cases document
=================
  - Use Cases GDoc https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GDbeKMP6608XzlCGzrm5jWLJY3mU-4MLLsgIuZejqvU/edit?usp=sharing 
  
  
Skype Calls
==========
  - [ ] 12/1/2015: Call to see the evolution of the plugin (and every Wednesday until 13/03/2015
  - [ ] 20/01/2015: another call for looking at inserting a small plugin
  - [ ] Every week until the submission at ESWC 2015 
  

Target conferences
=================
  - [ ] ESWC 2015, DEMO session (Deadline: 13/03/2015)
  - [ ] ISWC 2015, with users evaluation, ontology track (long paper)
  - [ ] Semantics 2015 (long paper) (May 22, 2015) http://semantics.cc/

Commit message:

added link to survey beta version

README.md, after:

ProLOV: 
======
The missing plugin for ontology Engineering

A repository to create a plugin LOV for Protégé

LOV API
======
  - LOV API Documentation: http://lov.okfn.org/dataset/lov/apidoc/ (new version) 
  - LOV Search: http://lov.okfn.org/dataset/lov/apidoc/#lov2search
  - http://lov.okfn.org/dataset/lov/api/v2/search?q={TERM}&type=class for querying {TERM} as a class.
e.g. http://lov.okfn.org/dataset/lov/api/v2/search?q=Person&type=class for "Person" as Class.
  - http://lov.okfn.org/dataset/lov/api/v2/search?q={TERM}&type=property for querying {TERM} as a property
e.g.: http://lov.okfn.org/dataset/lov/api/v2/search?q=Person&type=property

Protégé Plugin development 
===========================
  - https://github.com/protegeproject/protege/wiki/Building-from-Source (v5)
  - http://protegewiki.stanford.edu/wiki/CompileProtege5InEclipseWithMaven  
  - http://protegewiki.stanford.edu/wiki/PluginAnatomy

Use Cases document
=================
  - Use Cases GDoc https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GDbeKMP6608XzlCGzrm5jWLJY3mU-4MLLsgIuZejqvU/edit?usp=sharing 
  
Evaluation survey
==================
   - First version for the beta version, survey  at http://tinyurl.com/surveyProtegeLOV 

  
  
Skype Calls
==========
  - [ ] 12/1/2015: Call to see the evolution of the plugin (and every Wednesday until 13/03/2015
  - [ ] 20/01/2015: another call for looking at inserting a small plugin
  - [ ] Every week until the submission at ESWC 2015 
  

Target conferences
=================
  - [ ] ESWC 2015, DEMO session (Deadline: 13/03/2015)
  - [ ] ISWC 2015, with users evaluation, ontology track (long paper)
  - [ ] Semantics 2015 (long paper) (May 22, 2015) http://semantics.cc/
